README.md, before:

# tensorflow-image-classifier
<img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*LDGNE2IRJOFFcJ3s.png"/>
<br/>
Described here at the bottom half:<br/>
https://medium.com/@m_ko/deep-learning-with-tensorflow-part-2-image-classification-58fcdffa7b84
<br/><br/>
A generic image classifier program using Tensorflow (https://www.tensorflow.org/) and the pre-trained Deep Learning Convolutional Neural Network model called Inception (https://research.googleblog.com/2016/03/train-your-own-image-classifier-with.html).

This model has been pre-trained for the  ImageNet (http://image-net.org/) data, it can differentiate between 1,000 different classes
The program applies Transfer Learning to this existing model and re-trains it to classify a new set of images.

This is a generic setup and can be used to classify almost any kind of image. 

## Installation
Make sure you have Python (https://www.python.org/) installed, then install Tensorflow (https://www.tensorflow.org/install/) on your system, and clone this repo.

<br/>

## Usage

The usage is described in this article at the bottom half, simply follow the steps:<br/>
https://medium.com/@m_ko/deep-learning-with-tensorflow-part-2-image-classification-58fcdffa7b84
<br/>

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Matteo Kofler

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added link to video classifier (image classifier with video input)

README.md, after:

# tensorflow-image-classifier
<img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*LDGNE2IRJOFFcJ3s.png"/>
<br/>
Described here at the bottom half:<br/>
https://medium.com/@m_ko/deep-learning-with-tensorflow-part-2-image-classification-58fcdffa7b84
<br/><br/>
A generic image classifier program using Tensorflow (https://www.tensorflow.org/) and the pre-trained Deep Learning Convolutional Neural Network model called Inception (https://research.googleblog.com/2016/03/train-your-own-image-classifier-with.html).

This model has been pre-trained for the  ImageNet (http://image-net.org/) data, it can differentiate between 1,000 different classes
The program applies Transfer Learning to this existing model and re-trains it to classify a new set of images.

This is a generic setup and can be used to classify almost any kind of image. 

## Installation
Make sure you have Python (https://www.python.org/) installed, then install Tensorflow (https://www.tensorflow.org/install/) on your system, and clone this repo.

<br/>

## Usage

The usage is described in this article at the bottom half, simply follow the steps:<br/>
https://medium.com/@m_ko/deep-learning-with-tensorflow-part-2-image-classification-58fcdffa7b84
<br/>

If you wanted to use a video as input and look at it frame-by-frame, check out this repository:
https://github.com/koflerm/tensorflow-video-classifier

</br>
## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Matteo Kofler

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
